Resources for more information
Spreadsheet shortcuts can help you become more efficient with spreadsheets. If you’d like to learn more, you can explore the collection of 
Google Sheets shortcuts
, or visit the 
Microsoft Excel shortcuts
 page if you are using Excel. Both of these resources contain a list of spreadsheet shortcuts you can save and reference as you work more with spreadsheets on your own.
Microsoft Excel shortcuts:
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/office/keyboard-shortcuts-in-excel-1798d9d5-842a-42b8-9c99-9b7213f0040f
Google Sheets shortcuts:
https://support.google.com/docs/answer/181110#zippy=%2Cpc-shortcuts
=========
Link:
https://www.coursera.org/learn/ask-questions-make-decisions/supplement/0vdZZ/learn-more-about-spreadsheet-basics
Microsoft Excel
Office Quick Starts
: Scroll down to the Downloadable guides section to download the Excel Quick Start Guide: This PDF guide begins with a labeled map of Excel that can guide you through the basic tasks you can accomplish in Excel. For tips on starting and opening Excel, this 
Microsoft Support page
 will show you how to begin a new workbook.

Excel video training
: This is a collection of step-by-step videos to use all sorts of Excel features, including adding and working within rows, columns, and cells; formatting; using formulas and functions; and adding charts and pivot tables. 

Sort data in a range or table
: This page guides you through all of the steps you will need to sort data by number, text, and color. You’ll also have the option to sort by custom list so that you can customize exactly what you want to sort.

Filter data in a range or table
: This article has step-by-step instructions on how to filter an Excel spreadsheet to show only the data you want to see. You can also use built-in comparison operators, such as “greater than” and “top 10” to reveal only the most relevant data.

Format a worksheet
: The guide will help you select and format your Excel spreadsheet, then change the borders, shading, colors, and text. This can help improve your spreadsheet’s readability.

Pro tip: If you’re searching for information about using customizable options, check out Microsoft’s 
Guidelines for organizing and formatting data on a worksheet
. This article provides clear methods for creating easy-to-read spreadsheets.

Google Sheets
Google Sheets cheat sheet
: The cheat sheet puts all the basics of Sheets on a single page for easy reference. Here, you can learn about customizing your spreadsheet and the data inside; working with rows, columns, and cells; sharing your spreadsheet with others; creating different versions and copies of a spreadsheet; and more.

Get started with Sheets: Create and import files
: This guide is a step-by-step guide for working with Sheets. You start by learning how to open a spreadsheet, then move on to adding data.

Sort and filter your data
: This resource can help you organize data in Sheets. Use this guide to sort part or all of a spreadsheet. You can sort by text, number, and color. Then, learn how to create filters to show only certain data while hiding the rest. Finally, the article includes information on creating, saving, and removing a filter view. 

Edit and format a spreadsheet
: This will help you make easy-to-read spreadsheets. You will learn how to assign a color, customize borders around cells, and change the appearance of text. If you’d like to give your spreadsheet a theme, you can scroll to the bottom of the page and find how to apply it to parts of your spreadsheet.
